README.md, before:

CakePHP
=======

[![CakePHP](http://cakephp.org/img/cake-logo.png)](http://www.cakephp.org)

CakePHP is a rapid development framework for PHP which uses commonly known design patterns like Active Record, Association Data Mapping, Front Controller and MVC.
Our primary goal is to provide a structured framework that enables PHP users at all levels to rapidly develop robust web applications, without any loss to flexibility.

Some Handy Links
----------------

[CakePHP](http://www.cakephp.org) - The rapid development PHP framework

[Cookbook](http://book.cakephp.org) - THE Cake user documentation; start learning here!

[Plugins](http://plugins.cakephp.org/) - A repository of extensions to the framework

[The Bakery](http://bakery.cakephp.org) - Tips, tutorials and articles

[API](http://api.cakephp.org) - A reference to Cake's classes

[CakePHP TV](http://tv.cakephp.org) - Screen casts from events and video tutorials

[The Cake Software Foundation](http://cakefoundation.org/) - promoting development related to CakePHP

Get Support!
------------

[Our Google Group](http://groups.google.com/group/cake-php) - community mailing list and forum

[#cakephp](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=#cakephp) on irc.freenode.net - Come chat with us, we have cake.

[Q & A](http://ask.cakephp.org/) - Ask questions here, all questions welcome

[Lighthouse](http://cakephp.lighthouseapp.com/) - Got issues? Please tell us!

[![Bake Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/cakephp/cakephp.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/cakephp/cakephp)

![Cake Power](https://raw.github.com/cakephp/cakephp/master/lib/Cake/Console/Templates/skel/webroot/img/cake.power.gif)

Commit message:

Updated the Readme.md file to include the MVP (Minimum Viable Product).

README.md, after:

Kucksdorfs Recipes
=======
This project is based on [CakePHP](http://www.cakephp.org)

[![CakePHP](http://cakephp.org/img/cake-logo.png)](http://www.cakephp.org)

Kucksdorfs Recipes was built as a side project in my own spare time. The latest version will always be host on [my website](http://www.kucksdorfs.com).
This project was started because I hosted all my recipes in a privately shared (shared with select individuals) on my google drive. These varied from PDF Printouts from various websites, to scans from printed documents.
This was created to take all those "things" in my drive and make them available to a private website hosted on my LAN. I am opening this project up to the public under the [Apache License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt).

This product is only meant to be a repository for recipes. New functionality will always be considered, but not always implemented.

Lastly, I am not liable for any copyright infringment with this project. If this site is hosted by myself or anyone else on the public internet, then the website administrator takes responsibility for any and all recipes uploaded to the website (unless otherwise noted under the licensing agreement).

Some more information about CakePHP
----------------

CakePHP is a rapid development framework for PHP which uses commonly known design patterns like Active Record, Association Data Mapping, Front Controller and MVC.
Our primary goal is to provide a structured framework that enables PHP users at all levels to rapidly develop robust web applications, without any loss to flexibility.

Some Handy Links For CakePHP
----------------

[CakePHP](http://www.cakephp.org) - The rapid development PHP framework

[Cookbook](http://book.cakephp.org) - THE Cake user documentation; start learning here!

[Plugins](http://plugins.cakephp.org/) - A repository of extensions to the framework

[The Bakery](http://bakery.cakephp.org) - Tips, tutorials and articles

[API](http://api.cakephp.org) - A reference to Cake's classes

[CakePHP TV](http://tv.cakephp.org) - Screen casts from events and video tutorials

[The Cake Software Foundation](http://cakefoundation.org/) - promoting development related to CakePHP

Get Support!
------------

[CakePHP Google Group](http://groups.google.com/group/cake-php) - community mailing list and forum

[#cakephp](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=#cakephp) on irc.freenode.net - Come chat with us, we have cake.

[CakePHP Q & A](http://ask.cakephp.org/) - Ask questions here, all questions welcome
